Add Tags to internal AVS evaluation (#361)
kyma-project/control-plane: components/kyma-environment-broker/README.md

| **APP_LMS_MANDATORY** | Defines whether failing LMS activation will break provisioning. | `true` |
| **APP_LMS_REGION** | Defines the region for the LMS system. If set, this region is always used. If empty, the region is mapped from the OSB API request. | None |
| **APP_LMS_TOKEN** | Specifies the token for the LMS system. | None |

> | **APP_AVS_ADDITIONAL_TAGS_ENABLED** | Additional tags are added to internal Evalution after the cluster is provisioned. | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_AVS_ADDITIONAL_TAGS_ENABLED** | Specifies additional tags that are added to the internal Evaluation after the cluster is provisioned. | `false` |
```

> | **APP_AVS_GARDENER_SHOOT_NAME_TAG_CLASS_ID** | TagClass' ID of Tag containing cluster's Gardener shoot name. | None |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_AVS_GARDENER_SHOOT_NAME_TAG_CLASS_ID** | Specifies the **TagClassId** of the tag that contains Gardener cluster's shoot name. | None |
```

> | **APP_AVS_GARDENER_SEED_NAME_TAG_CLASS_ID** | TagClass' ID of Tag containing cluster's Gardener seed name. | None |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_AVS_GARDENER_SEED_NAME_TAG_CLASS_ID** | Specifies the **TagClassId** of the tag that contains Gardener cluster's seed name. | None |
```

> | **APP_AVS_REGION_TAG_CLASS_ID** | TagClass' ID of Tag containing cluster's region. | None |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_AVS_REGION_TAG_CLASS_ID** | Specifies the **TagClassId** of the tag that contains Gardener cluster's region. | None |
```
